sundal columbu 
1: First  immerse the sundal in water the b’fore day.then keep it in the
cooker for boiling.along with it keep some thuvaram parupu for boiling.this
parupu is for sambar.
2:Then prepare the puli water for the sambar.
3:U can  add the vegetables in puli water .add  sambar powder  to  the
puli  water keep it on the stove and boil it until the vegetable is boiled.
4:Grind some coconut in the mixie.(only coconut)
5:Then  add the sundal ,parupu which is boiled already  to the puli water
which is kothichifying.add the grinded coconut also.add some salt to it
6:Stir well and after a kothi  stop  boiling and take it from the stove.
7:Then  thallichify and pour it in the columbu.
Note:Add  brinjal or potato.(but u don’t like brinjal,so add potato).

KUUTU( All types)
1: Boil some pacipar uppu or  thuvaram paruppu in pressure cooker.
2: Then add some vegetables to the boiled parupu.boil it for some time.add
required qty of salt.
3: Then add thuruviya coconut(1 moodi)+5varachilly+siragam+1/2 tea spoon
raw  rice and grind  them in a mixie .
4: Then add the grinded mix to the boiled mix and stir it well .u can add
some turmeric powder for colour.
5: Last  is u  have to thallichify.
Note: This is applicable for all kutuu’s(brinjal,podalangai,avarai,kirai)

BUTTER MILK COLOMBU
The recipe for more columbu is as follows:
1:The following  things should be grinded in a mixie.  They are
Greenchilly,siragam,thengai(coconut), karuverpillai kothamalli ,thuvaram
parupu if needed.
 2: Take the amount of more u need(ie it depends on the amount of columbu
u need).
3:Then  the  grinded  mix is mixed in the more. U can add salt  U needed
in the more itself, keep it on the stove.(if  the columbu  Pongs  then u have
to stop keeping on the stove)
 4:If u want any vegetables to be added in the more columbu  Eg.vendakai
u have to fry it separately (vathakuvathu). Then   after Frying u can add it
in the columbu.
 5: After u have  taken the columbu  from stove,take a pan, take a little
of coconut oil,when it is hot add kaduku ,   venthayam and  U have to
thalikunam.
6:Thallichathai  u have to pour  in the columbu,then  stir it. That’s all
more columbu is ready.



AVIAL 
1:First  take some vegetables like
carrot,beans,whitepumpkin,brinjal,avraikai,senakilangu,potato(all in  a same
proportion),few of each vegetable will do.keep senaikilangu  at the bottom of
the pressure cooker,and other vegetables  at the top.first the vegetables are
boiled(vegavai).salt of  required qty is added now itself.
2: Then   one  moodi of coconut is necessary .thuruviya  coconut and about
15  dry chilly are grinded in a mixie.
3: Then  add  the grinded coconut mix to the  vegetables boiled in other
vessel.keep it on the stove  for abt 5 minutes.
4: When  the green  smell of vegetables is gone ,add  three  cups  of
curd  to  it.
5:Add  5 teaspoon of coconut oil to it .add few karuvapillai  to it.stir
the  avial .now avial is ready.
Note:1)add only curd.         2)don’t  add vegetables like beetroot.

ARACHA SAMBAR 
1:  These  things are to be grinded in a mixie.they  are dry chilly(vara
molagai) abt 10 for  people,drykothamali,venthayam,thuvaram parupu.first fry
these  in a pan.then add  thengai (thuruviyathu)&the fried  item and   grind
it.
2:   Next prepare the puli  water. That is u have to  immerse  the puli
in water & throw the chakai  of the puli.now puli thani is ready.
3:  Now mix the  grinded mix in the puli  water(thani) Keep it on the
stove,after a kothi u  can turn off the stove
4: u can add any vegetables if u need in the puli  thani.now aracha sambar
is ready.

RASAM
1: First  u have to prepare puli water.that is take a small qty of puli
and u have to karachify the puli in the water  and throw the chakaai out.
2: Add rasam powder,tomato,karuverpillai ,kothamali.the qty of 
Rasapowder is 4spoons .add salt of reqd qty.
3: Add the above in the puli water.boil it for some time so that the smell
of powder vanish.
4: For parupu rasam,boil  a qty of parupu (thuvaram).add the boiled parupu
to step3.after noorai comes,it is enough.
5: Then thallichify using kaduku,siragam using ghee(if  available).

USILI
1: Imerse  100 gm  of thuvaram parupu  in water for abt   30 minutes.
2: Then filter all the water and add about 5 dry chilly,perungayam to the
parupu. Grind everything in a  mixie.grind  it nicely.
3: Then  take a pan ,add abt  8 spoons of oil ,add  kaduku,and add the
grinded mix,stir it well so that it becomes  uthri(gets  separated).
4: Take  some beans and boil it before.
5: Add the boiled  beans to the pan with  the  parupu uthri,mix it
thouroughly.now the usili is ready.
